# Folk-Song_Country_Classifier
Python project that trains and evaluates multiple Support Vector Machine and Logistic Regression Classifier models on various combinations of real and AI generated Irish and Dutch folk songs and predicts whether a song is Irish or Dutch.

First, an SVM is trained on only real Irish and Dutch folk songs and evaluated on 100 real songs in order to decide the optimal hyperparameters. Then the model is trained on all the real songs and evaluated on 100 AI generated ones. The model is **100%** accurate on real songs but only **68%** accurate on the AI generated ones.

Then, a Logistic Regressions classifier is trained and evaluated in the exact same manner as the SVM in order to observe whether this is a better choice than an SVM. While the model is **91%** accurate on real songs it surpasses the SVM's performance on the AI generated songs where it yields an accuracy score of **81%**.

Ideally, though we would want to have a model that performs similar to the SVM on real songs and similar, or better, that the Logistic Regression classifier on AI generated songs. With that in mind, we added 50 of the 100 generated songs in the training dataset. The idea behind this move is that we may improve the model's generalization since it will be also trained on more noisy and imperfect songs for each country. The models were first evaluated on 50 unseen real Irish and Dutch folk songs, resulting in identical accuracy scores as the previous experiment. When evaluated on 50 unseen AI generated songs, though, the SVM's performance increased to **92%** and the Logistic Regression Classifier's to **86%**. These results indicate that incorporating AI generated songs in the training process does not affect model performance on real songs but increases it when the test set consists of only AI generated songs.
